chore(docs): add docs about `remix init` command (#5651)
remix-run/remix: docs/pages/stacks.md

+   "remix": "^1.2.3",
```

This allows you to not have to regularly update your template to the latest version of that specific package. Of course, you do not have to put `*` if you'd prefer to manually manage the version for that package.

#### Customize Initialization

If the template has a `remix.init/index.js` file at the root then that file will be executed after the project has been generated and dependencies have been installed. This gives you a chance to do anything you'd like as part of the initialization of your template. For example, in the blues stack, the `app` property has to be globally unique, so we use the `remix.init/index.js` file to change it to the name of the directory that was created for the project + a couple random characters.

You could even use `remix.init/index.js` to ask further questions of the developer for additional configuration (using something like [inquirer][inquirer]). Of course, sometimes you'll need dependencies installed to do this, but those deps are only useful during initialization. So, you can also create a `remix.init/package.json` with dependencies and the Remix CLI will install those dependencies before running your script.

> After the init script has been run, it is deleted, so you don't need to worry about it cluttering up the finished codebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the init script has been run, the `remix.init` folder gets deleted, so you don't need to worry about it cluttering up the finished codebase.
```
